So now that we've attached the reporter, I'm now going to some extent reports config properties.
So I'm going to call the extent.
Reports filled.
And then dot.
And I'm going to call a method called set system info, which takes two strings.
So this first string, I'm simply going to call Tester.
And the second string I'm going to call simply my name.
So we can configure this to be whatever we like.
But I'm just going to use these two values for an example, and you'll see those values reported when
the report gets generated.
I'm then going to set another couple of properties.
So I'm going to be using the reporter object.
So I'm going to call Spark.
Dot and you'll see there's an option or method for config.
So if I select that and then if I write thoughts, you'll see that I've got a number of methods here.
So I am going to use one called set reports name and I'm going to give this reports a name of.
I'm just going to call it regression.
Test like so.
I'm then going to do the same, so spark the config dots.
But this time I'm going to use a method called set document title.
And I'm going to give a document title of test results.
And then finally I'm going to set one more again using the same line as above dots set theme.
So in extent reports, you can also sets a theme.
And so the theme that I'm going to be using is theme dot and I've got the option of dark or standard.
So in the example I showed you in a previous video, I'm actually using the dark theme.
And when we come to generate reports, I'll come back and change some of these to show you the impact
on it.
So finally, what I need to right now is a return statement.
So all I need to write is return.
Extent reports of a semicolon.
And on doing so.
That is this method now complete.
And this Eva, as I said, will go away once we write this method.
So underneath this, I'm now going to write the next method.
And this method is going to be the extent reports prefixed name.
So let me give you some information before create this method.
So every time we run our tests, it's going to generate reports, but we want to prevent our reports
from overwriting each other.
So how do we do that?
So that's the purpose of what this method is going to do.
This method is going to use the date and time of when the test is running to generate a name that uses
that date and time to differentiate between other reports that get generated later.
So I'm going to write here public static string, and then I'm going to simply copy this method name
and paste it like so.
And it's going to take a parameter of string.
And I'm going to call this test name.
Then I open and close embrace.
Inside this method, I'm going to create another string and it's going to be called date.
And it's going to equal new simple date format.
And if I hover over that, I've got an option to import it from Java DOT text.
And then what I need to add after that is brackets.
And this is going to be the format of the date.
So in quotes, I'm going to write y.
Y y y.
Dash.
Mm.
In capitals, Dash.
D in lower case.
Then after that, I'm going to add a underscore.
And then to Capital Haters.
Then another dash.
Mm.
Lowercase.
And another dash.
Assess for hours, minutes, seconds.
Then outside those round brackets, I'm going to add a dot.
And then I'm going to call a method of format.
And inside those brackets, I'm going to write new date round brackets and a semicolon, and I'll need
to import date and make sure to import the one from java dot util.
And that era then goes away.
I'm going to use the filled don't have to find up here extent report prefix so I'm going to copy that.
And I'm going to paste it here.
And it's going to equal.
Test name, which is this value?
Plus double quotes with an underscore inside it.
Plus date, which is the value of this field.
We have a semicolon at the end.
And then the last thing I need to do is to find the return statement and it's going to return extent
report free prefix like.
So it was semicolon at the end.
And asked that method now complete a new C by idleness.
That extent reports prefixed name.
The error has also gone away from this method.
So I'm going to stop this video here and we'll continue with the next method in the next video.